25.1.3+ (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/reporting-asp-net-core-custom-fonts: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
![](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://codecentral.devexpress.com/api/v1/VersionRange/778752347/25.1.3%2B)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1225208)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Reporting for ASP.NET Core — Detect and Load Custom Fonts with Ease (DXFontRepository)

Loaded fonts are added to the [DXFontRepository](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/404255/devexpress-drawing-library/use-font-repository-to-add-custom-fonts) automatically and made available without additional installation requirements.

![image](./media/font-repository-document-viewer.png)

>[!Note]

> > Be sure to read the associated font license agreement to determine usage rights for your particular use case.

Reviewer: Which font license agreement do we need to read?  
Will you be including a link or something?  
(The previous version made it clear that you're talking about Google Fonts.)

Author: @albertov05 the current font and Google Fonts are used in the example for demonstration purposes. It is a general note that users should read the license agreement of the font they intend to use in their applications.

## Build a Docker Image

### Obtain Your Personal DevExpress License Key

> A project built in a Dockerized environment cannot automatically access the host key, which is typically provided as a build-time secret. Refer to [License Key for DevExpress .NET Products](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A project built in a Dockerized environment cannot automatically access the host key, which is typically provided as a build-time secret. Refer to [License Key for DevExpress .NET Products](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key) for details.
```

> Building a project within a dockerized environment cannot obtain the host's key automatically - which is usually supplied as a build-time secret. Refer to [License Key for DevExpress .NET Products](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key).

Author: ```suggestion
A project built in a Dockerized environment cannot automatically access the host key, which is typically provided as a build-time secret. Refer to [License Key for DevExpress .NET Products](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key).
```

### Visual Studio

> You can run the app on supported Windows platforms, Windows Subsystem for Linux or Docker. Select a platform from the debug drop-down in the toolbar, and start debugging the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the app on supported Windows platforms, Windows Subsystem for Linux, or Docker. Select a platform from the debug drop-down in the toolbar, and start debugging the app.
```

### CLI

> Run the application from the dotnet CLI on Windows, Linux and MacOS with the dotnet run command. To run the Docker container from the command line, build the Docker image.

Author: ```suggestion
Run the application from the dotnet CLI on Windows, Linux, and MacOS with the dotnet run command. To run the Docker container from the command line, build the Docker image.
```

> Run the application from the dotnet CLI on Windows, Linux, and MacOS with the dotnet run command. To run the Docker container from the command line, build the Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the application using the .NET CLI on Windows, Linux, or macOS with the `dotnet run` command. To run the Docker container from the command line, build the Docker image.
```
